c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\AstroPanel.dll
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\AstroPanel.pdb
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\AstroPanel.xap
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\AstroPanel.g.resources
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\AstroPanel.dll
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\AstroPanel.pdb
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\Mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\HelpPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\SettingsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Mats\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AstroPanel\AstroPanel\obj\Debug\AboutPage.g.cs
